README.md, before:

# Live Display

This Application shows the list of current notifications on Screen, remove them, with various configurable options.

[![currentversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/current--version-v0.6.1-blue.svg)](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay)
[![pre-releaseversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--release-v.0.1-blue.svg)](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay/releases)
[![release](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-not%20released-lightgrey.svg)](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay)

|Build Status: App Center|
|----------|
|[![Build status](https://build.appcenter.ms/v0.1/apps/35ff8c85-fde9-4e45-9e27-834a716fce2b/branches/master/badge)](https://appcenter.ms)|

## Features

* Manage the Notifications directly from the LockScreen - *Functional*

* Block the notifications from the apps you choose. *WIP*

* Configure which apps should be allowed to wake up the device when a new notification from that app is posted. *To be added*

* Control music currently playing directly from the Lockscreen - *Functional[beta]*

* Automatic device turn-on screen when a new notification is posted or when the user picks the phone up, or when you pick your phone out of your pocket, you can change this behavior. -*Partially functional*, there are bugs.

* Turning on the Screen automatically is disabled at night, or at the time you want, it's configurable, it helps to save battery. -*To be added*

* LockScreen shortcuts, by default, the camera is launched, you can change it. - *WIP*


### Screenshots (The contents can potentially change)

|Lockscreen:|Music Control:|App Settings/About:|
|-----------|--------------|-------------|
|<img src="https://i.imgur.com/or1E4B1.png" width=320>|<img src="https://i.imgur.com/E1C4JIL.png" width=320>|<img src="https://i.imgur.com/rp6diWb.png" width="320">|






## Built With

* [Xamarin.Android](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/) - Xamarin/Xamarin.Android framework

## Beta Testing

* Beta testing is now available for anyone who wants to test my app and give feedback! Send me a e-mail for details!

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning

## Authors & Collaborators

* **Me** - *Initial work* - [CarlosACepeda](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda)
* **Yasujizr**  - *New Icon Design!* - [Yasujizr](https://github.com/Yasujizr)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay/contributors) who participated in the development of this project.

*Spoiler alert: none yet, but I will be pleased to receive contributions ;-)*

## Acknowledgments

* [Yasujizr](https://github.com/Yasujizr) : *Icon design.*
* I'm inspired by various apps that are not longer updated, so I decided to build my own App, taking ideas from several apps.
* Huge influence by custom Rom features that aren't available on many stock rom phones.
* Friends who are testing this app! :-)
* [Artem Chepurnoy](https://github.com/AChep) : *Guidance and help related to MediaController and NotificationListenerService, many thanks*

Commit message:

Adding Contributing to the Readme.

README.md, after:

# Live Display

This Application shows the list of current notifications on Screen, remove them, with various configurable options.

[![currentversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/current--version-v0.6.1-blue.svg)](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay)
[![pre-releaseversion](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--release-v.0.1-blue.svg)](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay/releases)
[![release](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-not%20released-lightgrey.svg)](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay)

|Build Status: App Center|
|----------|
|[![Build status](https://build.appcenter.ms/v0.1/apps/35ff8c85-fde9-4e45-9e27-834a716fce2b/branches/master/badge)](https://appcenter.ms)|

## Features

* Manage the Notifications directly from the LockScreen - *Functional*

* Block the notifications from the apps you choose. *WIP*

* Configure which apps should be allowed to wake up the device when a new notification from that app is posted. *To be added*

* Control music currently playing directly from the Lockscreen - *Functional[beta]*

* Automatic device turn-on screen when a new notification is posted or when the user picks the phone up, or when you pick your phone out of your pocket, you can change this behavior. -*Partially functional*, there are bugs.

* Turning on the Screen automatically is disabled at night, or at the time you want, it's configurable, it helps to save battery. -*To be added*

* LockScreen shortcuts, by default, the camera is launched, you can change it. - *WIP*


### Screenshots (The contents can potentially change)

|Lockscreen:|Music Control:|App Settings/About:|
|-----------|--------------|-------------|
|<img src="https://i.imgur.com/or1E4B1.png" width=320>|<img src="https://i.imgur.com/E1C4JIL.png" width=320>|<img src="https://i.imgur.com/rp6diWb.png" width="320">|






## Built With

* [Xamarin.Android](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/) - Xamarin/Xamarin.Android framework

## Beta Testing

* Beta testing is now available for anyone who wants to test my app and give feedback! Send me a e-mail for details!

## Contributing

* See [Contributing](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details!

## Versioning

I use [Semantic Versioning ](http://semver.org/) for versioning, sometimes I don't follow it because I'm lazy, but, I try in all the cases to stick with semantic versioning.

## Authors & Collaborators

* **Me** - *Initial work* - [CarlosACepeda](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda)
* **Yasujizr**  - *New Icon Design!* - [Yasujizr](https://github.com/Yasujizr)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/CarlosACepeda/LiveDisplay/contributors) who participated in the development of this project.

*Spoiler alert: none yet, but I will be pleased to receive contributions ;-)*

## Acknowledgments

* [Yasujizr](https://github.com/Yasujizr) : *Icon design.*
* I'm inspired by various apps that are not longer updated, so I decided to build my own App, taking ideas from several apps.
* Huge influence by custom Rom features that aren't available on many stock rom phones.
* Friends who are testing this app! :-)
* [Artem Chepurnoy](https://github.com/AChep) : *Guidance and help related to MediaController and NotificationListenerService, many thanks*
